# Migrating from Latch to DOOR

**ID:** 29195725672215
**Created:** 2025-01-13T21:38:28Z
**Updated:** 2025-08-12T17:21:44Z
**URL:** https://support.door.com/hc/en-us/articles/29195725672215-Migrating-from-Latch-to-DOOR

---

<h4 id="h_01K0CJXXTM2KR9T9MNZQGMBBDE">What is DOOR? Why am I being asked to switch?</h4><p data-start="225" data-end="543">DOOR is the new era of Building Intelligence. It replaces the Latch App, Latch Manager App, and Mission Control with a single, integrated platform that unites access, automation, and operations into one system, helping buildings think ahead and quietly improve life inside.</p><h4 id="h_01K1ZP8BPV5A83G3GD11TWMCBN">Will there be any impact on Latch locks?</h4><p>No, Latch will remain our brand of industry-leading lock hardware. The DOOR App and DOOR OS work seamlessly with those devices.</p><h4 id="h_01K1ZP94VZ7RDJ3SZZTRBHA0Q7">Will any staff or residents lose access as a result of the switch?</h4><p>No. Accounts, access, and permissions will remain the same. </p><h4 id="h_01K1ZP9BCM1CSCXGFJ7D8MYT5F">When will I lose access to the Latch App, Latch Manager App, and Latch Mission Control? </h4><p>Latch systems will remain fully operational for the time being, and there’s no immediate impact to your residents or staff. However, we encourage you to begin transitioning to the DOOR platform now to take advantage of the latest features, improved workflows, and continued platform enhancements. </p><p>We’re targeting the end of March 2026 to complete the migration, and we’ll be supporting both platforms until then. Starting early ensures ample time for your team to get comfortable, receive support, and transition residents at your own pace, all while staying ahead of any upcoming changes.</p><h4 id="h_01K1ZP9GYJP7KJ9YEX27T97NGV">Do I have to wait to receive my invitation to migrate in order to switch? </h4><p>No, you can switch whenever you'd like by downloading the DOOR App and logging in with your Latch credentials.</p><ul>
  <li>
    <span class="wysiwyg-underline"><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.door.doorapp" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><strong>DOOR App for Android</strong></a></span>
  </li>
  <li>
    <span class="wysiwyg-underline"><a href="https://apps.apple.com/us/app/door/id6499252863" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><strong>DOOR App for iOS</strong></a></span>
  </li>
</ul><h4 id="h_01K1ZP9NXDAT47SQB4BKRHTN4F">What is different about the DOOR App and DOOR OS from the Latch App, Latch Manager App, and Latch Mission Control? How do I log in?</h4><ul>
<li><p data-start="902" data-end="1117"><strong data-start="902" data-end="918">The DOOR App</strong> replaces the Latch App and the Latch Manager App. Residents and property managers can access everything from one place to unlock doors, control DOOR smart devices, scan packages and manage hardware (subject to permission settings)</p></li>
<li><p data-start="1120" data-end="1287"><strong data-start="1120" data-end="1131">DOOR OS</strong> is the evolution of Latch Mission Control, offering the same functionality in a modern, easier-to-use interface, designed to reduce friction and increase speed.</p></li>
<li>With a unified login, residents and property managers can use their existing Latch credentials with no reset required.</li>
</ul><h4 id="h_01K1ZPCWT5DS7VSJFZPDHVWYT8">Are there any existing Latch products or functionality that will not be supported in the DOOR App or DOOR OS?</h4><p>Currently, only DOOR smart home devices are supported in the DOOR App and DOOR OS. Third-party smart home devices, such as Honeywell, Nest or Ecobee, may continue to be operated using Latch Mission Control and the Latch App or through the device’s proprietary application. The initial release of DOOR OS does not support bookings, but property managers may continue to use Latch Mission Control and the Latch App for that feature.</p><h4 id="h_01K1ZPD1P646KC769FS4DZ3FYH">Are there any resources I can share with my residents? </h4><p>Yes, we've created a residents' section with resident specific FAQs (here). We've also prepared communications for your team to share with your residents to encourage them to migrate to the DOOR App. For more information, please check <a href="https://support.door.com/hc/en-us/articles/33560985575447-Resident-Resource-Migration-E-mail-Template"><strong><span class="wysiwyg-underline">Resident Resource: Migration E-mail Template</span></strong></a></p><h4 id="h_01K1ZP9TWB3Z5F5YNFTJZAHPCK">I have additional questions. What should I do?</h4><p>Please feel free to contact our Support team at <a href="mailto:support@door.com"><strong><span class="wysiwyg-underline">support@door.com</span></strong></a> if you have any questions about this process!</p>
