# Can I request to see the data that DOOR collects about my access history, or delete my data?

**ID:** 24657842811415
**Created:** 2024-07-04T18:31:12Z
**Updated:** 2025-08-08T19:22:07Z
**URL:** https://support.door.com/hc/en-us/articles/24657842811415-Can-I-request-to-see-the-data-that-DOOR-collects-about-my-access-history-or-delete-my-data

---

<p><em>Please review our <span class="wysiwyg-underline"><strong><a href="https://door.com/pages/privacy-notice?_pos=1&amp;_sid=82e5c66bd&amp;_ss=r">Privacy Notice</a></strong></span> for further information on how DOOR handles consumer privacy rights requests. Please also review the privacy policies of your property manager or building owner.</em></p>
<h1 id="h_01HH2YZGPJRAP80SK0BB5KRZ29"><strong>Data Deletion Requests</strong></h1>
<p>As a DOOR user, you may request deletion by navigating to your menu in the DOOR App, selecting 'Edit Profile' and then ‘Delete profile.’ This will send a deletion request to DOOR Support. You may also submit a request via email directly to <span class="wysiwyg-underline"><strong><a href="mailto:support@door.com">support@door.com</a></strong></span>. </p>
<p>With respect to our processing of your data, as it relates to your building and unit access, DOOR acts as a “service provider” or “data processor” on behalf of its customers (property owners and managers) that act as “businesses” or “data controllers.” In our capacity as a service provider, we cannot act on your deletion request directly and always require approval from your property management team to process your deletion request. When we receive your deletion request, we’ll contact your property management team to request approval to delete your data. If they approve, we’ll process your request. If they do not approve, we’ll refer you to contact them directly to discuss their data policies or reasons for denying the request. </p>
<p>Note that, as part of the deletion request process, we’ll also verify your identity and confirm your request to delete your data by sending a verification code to your Door-associated email address. </p>
<h1 id="h_01HH2Z00S191R7NZ4BB0RHVD9T"><strong>Data Download Requests</strong></h1>
<p>Generally, unless required by law or if there is a need to address a security incident, DOOR does not provide copies of access event data outside what is visible to you in the DOOR App. With respect to our processing of your data as it relates to your building and unit access, DOOR acts as a “service provider” or “data processor” on behalf of its customers (property owners and managers) that act as “businesses” or “data controllers.” In our capacity as a service provider, we cannot act on your data access request directly and always require approval from your property management team to process your data access request.</p>
<h2 id="h_01HH2Z183J3JQGVXEN78DF8ZV2"><strong>Data Download Requests Pursuant to a Statutory Right  </strong></h2>
<p id="h_01HH2Z52CAZ8VY71DZ73CZM2WT">If you live in a state that provides consumers with certain rights over their personal data, including the right to access that data and obtain a copy (e.g., California, Colorado, Virginia, Utah, Connecticut, etc.), you may be entitled to make a data access request to your property manager or building owner. If your property manager or building owner is subject to the state’s data privacy law, they would act as a “business” or “data controller” with respect to your personal data and DOOR would act as their “service provider” or “data processor.” Your request for access to your data that is processed by DOOR should be directed to your property manager or building owner, who can then direct DOOR to fulfill your request. Under our <span class="wysiwyg-underline"><strong><a href="https://door.com/pages/privacy-notice?_pos=1&amp;_sid=82e5c66bd&amp;_ss=r">Privacy Notice</a></strong></span>, if you have “resident” permissions to your unit door, we will not share your unit access data with your property manager or building owner. Where your property manager or building owner requests us to fulfill your data access request, we will verify your identity and provide you with the responsive data by sending it to your DOOR-associated email address.</p>
<h2 id="h_01HH2Z8948FR8QY1QX4D72FDT4"><strong>Data Download Requests Not Pursuant to a Statutory Right</strong></h2>
<p>As described above, a few states (e.g., California, Colorado, Virginia, Utah, Connecticut) provide consumers with certain rights over their personal data, including the right to access one’s personal information processed by a “business” or “data controller” (i.e., property manager or building owner). If you do not live in a state that provides those rights to state consumers, you would not have a statutory right to access your personal information collected by DOOR on behalf of your property manager or building owner. That being said, you can always view your access logs in the DOOR App and know that DOOR depersonalizes door access information in accordance with its retention schedule (90 days from the day of record creation for properties in New York City and 2 years from the day of record creation for properties anywhere else). You can also make a request for data access directly to your property manager or building owner, which they can review and act upon at their discretion. You may find additional details in our <span class="wysiwyg-underline"><strong><a href="https://door.com/pages/privacy-notice?_pos=1&amp;_sid=82e5c66bd&amp;_ss=r">P</a></strong><strong><a href="https://door.com/pages/privacy-notice?_pos=1&amp;_sid=82e5c66bd&amp;_ss=r">rivacy</a></strong><strong><a href="https://door.com/pages/privacy-notice?_pos=1&amp;_sid=82e5c66bd&amp;_ss=r"> Notice</a></strong></span>. Please also review the privacy policies of your property manager or building owner.</p>
<h2 id="h_01HH2Z89485729DFZCQ2F7K16M"><strong>Canada Data Download Requests</strong></h2>
<p>For users in Canada, you are entitled to access personal information that we have collected, used, or disclosed about you. If you'd like to make a request, please either make it through the DOOR App or send it <a href="mailto:support@door.com"><span class="wysiwyg-underline"><strong>support@door.com</strong></span></a>. Upon verifying your identity, we will respond to your request within thirty (30) days. If we need additional time in order to respond to your request, we will notify you and explain the reasons for the additional time.</p>
<h2 id="h_01HH2Z89487XDQHWZDYNWKPRZT"><strong>Law Enforcement/Legal Request</strong></h2>
<p>If you are requesting records pursuant to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process, please send the request and supporting documentation to <span class="wysiwyg-underline"><strong><span style="color: #1155cc;"><a href="mailto:legal@door.com">legal@door.com</a></span></strong></span> and cc <font color="#1155cc"><span class="wysiwyg-underline"><strong><a href="mailto:support@door.com">support@door.com</a></strong></span>.</font></p>
<h2 id="h_01HH2Z8948XEZR7EZ2913MDY16"><strong>Emergency/Security Request</strong></h2>
<p>If you have security or safety concerns that require investigation of access activity at your private unit door, you may contact us directly, stating your concern, explaining why the access activity information you see in the DOOR App is not sufficient to address your concern, and making a specific request. If you have not done so prior to contacting us, we will involve your property manager, as necessary, to help address your request. <strong>To make a request, email <a href="mailto:support@door.com"><span class="wysiwyg-underline">support@door.com</span></a> with your name and DOOR account email or call us on our toll-free telephone line: 1-877-890-2221 (operates on East Coast business hours).</strong></p>
<p>We note that while DOOR strives to capture all access events, in limited instances, we may experience unintentional loss of access log data that is associated with the operation of our products. Such expected access log data loss may limit your ability to view certain access events. </p>
<p> </p>
